hello YouTube welcome to talking tech my
name is Tom and today we're going to
discuss how to upgrade our computer from
Windows XP to Windows 7 using Windows
Easy Transfer I'll post a link to this
in the description what you're going to
do is download either the 32-bit or
64-bit depending on what operating
system you are using you can also use
this tool for Windows Vista and the same
rule applies download either 32 or
64-bit I've already downloaded it so I'm
just going to minimize it once it
downloads so it's going to load into
you're going to click on the start menu
here go to all programs and you'll see
it right here Windows Easy Transfer for
Windows 7 now what this is going to do
is going to take all your current
settings your favorites from Internet
Explorer your videos everything how your
computer is now and it pretty much
transfers it to Windows 7 for you
alright so what I'm going to do is use
an external hard drive or USB to put the
folder on I'm just going to go here
click external hard drive this is my old
computer now what it's going to do is
scan through the profiles that are
listed on this computer and tell you the
size of each profile and at that point
then you'll be able to select or
unselect the profiles you wish to
transfer
all right it's finished scanning the
profiles here now what I'm going to do
just it will give you the size of each
profile and the size of items shared
what I'm going to do for times sake is
deselect the bigger profiles and the
shared and just keep the mommy profile
click Next here if you can if you want
to add a password you can so go ahead
and click Save
I'm going to select the drive and there
we go
boom it's finished I'm going to click
next next and go ahead and close it now
I would recommend that you use an
external hard drive for sure because as
you can see some of the profiles are a
little bigger than what can be fit on a
USB also make sure you do not put it on
your hard drive on the C Drive because
if you're going to reformat this drive
and install windows 7 on it once you do
that you will not be able to retrieve
the profile you just transferred using
the EZ transfer tool next what we'll do
was install windows 7 and show you how
to bring your profile into Windows 7
alright so we've installed the windows 7
on our PC we're going to upload our
profile from XP and what we're going to
do is we're going to go down here to the
Start menu and then we're going to type
in Windows Easy Transfer should pop up
right here
and open that in the same window as
before it's going to open click Next I'm
going to say we used an external hard
drive and then now it's going to ask a
different questions it's going to say
this is my new computer we'll go ahead
and click that and it's going to ask you
if you have it plugged in where you have
your external hard drive if you've got
it plugged in click yes and then you'll
select the hard drive and then the file
and it's going to bring it up here
let me just go ahead and click transfer
it is going to transfer that profile
over to Windows 7 it's going to ask you
if you want to see what was transferred
and list of programs that you may want
to install on your computer again you
can click through each of those they'll
give you their 15 documents transferred
over one user account and then here's
the suggestion of programs that you may
want to reinstall on your computer as
grow through and that's able to click
close once again my name is Tom and this
is talking Tech and thanks for watching